Hyperlint Automation: Meta Description Fixes (#20211)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/ruleset-engine/rules-language/values.mdx

---
pcx_content_type: reference
title: Values

> description: Learn about values in Cloudflare's Ruleset Engine, including string, boolean, array, and map types, and how to use them in rule expressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn about values in Cloudflare's Rules language, including string, boolean, array, and map types, and how to use them in rule expressions.
```
